.TH PDF-IMAGE-EXPORTER 1 "July 2026" "PDF Image Exporter 0.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
pdf-image-exporter \- export PDF pages as image files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pdf-image-exporter
.RI [ PDF ...]
.br
.B pdf-image-exporter-cli
.IR PDF
.RI [ --format
.IR png | jpeg | tiff ]
.RI [ --dpi
.IR DPI ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B PDF Image Exporter
is a graphical application for GNU/Linux that exports PDF pages as PNG, JPEG or
TIFF images using Poppler's
.BR pdftocairo (1)
tool.
.PP
The graphical interface supports batch conversion, page ranges, profiles,
output-name conflict policies, low-resolution previews and cancellation.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B PDF
One or more PDF files to add to the graphical conversion queue.
.TP
.BI --format " FORMAT"
Set the output format for the basic command-line interface.
.TP
.BI --dpi " DPI"
Set rasterization resolution for the basic command-line interface.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/io.github.pdfimageexporter.PDFImageExporter/
User configuration and custom conversion profiles.
.TP
.I ~/.local/share/io.github.pdfimageexporter.PDFImageExporter/logs/
Application logs, when writable.
.SH LIMITATIONS
The application relies on Poppler command-line tools. Keep Poppler updated
through the operating system package manager. Password support is intentionally
limited because command-line password arguments can be visible to local process
list observers.
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs to the project bug tracker. Do not include passwords, private
documents or sensitive paths in public reports.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pdftocairo (1),
.BR pdfinfo (1)
